Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to create the comments controller.
Okay, then.
Enough to do this.
We need to go to the controller tree.
And over here we're going to need to create a new file.
And you're going to call this fi comment on this car controller and then a section dot dot.
Okay.
And now we can use controller and beats to make this right.
Now the first step is to create a class and as well we can call this comments.
Controller, Kyle Schroeder.
Sorry class.
Okay.
Climate controller and this.
And over here we need to extend from get s controller.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can get rid of all this and leave this in the that's automatically in parts
everything from the get.
We can just get rid of this and layer a light and use controlling dots, then import from this.
Okay.
Great.
Now the first step is to create what we are.
We are basically creating a function in order to paste comment.
Right.
Okay.
So that the first thing to do is to see our has to know what this does and it can then specify is going
to be a list.
A list of.
Comment.
That is the comment model.
Climate model is popping up.
Okay.
Comment.
I think we called it comment.
Right.
Okay.
And so this.
And.
So I think we need to get rid of that.
And over here, when you try light and use controlling dots in part this.
Okay.
And now we need to see all this comment that is going to be equal to.
This again.
So there's going to be Harris.
Right.
Okay.
And it's going to be quoted this.
And we can make this empty for now.
That is, we do not have any comments.
So by making this.
Okay, great.
Now, this is similar to.
The upload, right?
Because currently we are just trying to do to upload a comment.
Right, or to post a comment.
Rice is definitely going to be similar to.
Ta ta, ta.
Where do we have the.
I think of our year.
Okay, this is basically what we're doing.
So you can basically copy and paste this over here.
You can just basically copy this.
And here's this in case you're tired of typing.
And this is going to be the comment model.
Comments and we can visibly copy this and his this.
Okay, great.
Now, the first thing to do is to create the hide for the product, get this string, and for the now
we can just say post.
So in other products, I think we should do it sticks out.
Right.
Okay.
So this is going to be creates in the hide for the comments.
So over here, we can't just leave this empty for now.
And now what we have to do is to.
Create a function.
It's a creative function.
We can call this post comment.
And the field we basically need is the comment test, right?
Once again access to other users commenting and we can require that specify it is a data type of string.
And over here you can then have it.
Try the cast block.
I think you've seen all this before.
Try to catch it.
And yet we can see.
So.
I think I just have to redo this.
Okay.
Sorry.
Try.
Try and.
Try and catch.
Okay.
And all you will need to have a life sitting at first and to say if comments test.
That is not.
Empty.
Then want to do something crazy.
Okay.
First of all, what we have to do is to get the current logged in user or to get the user who is currently
posting that comment.
To do that, you're going to use this which you've seen before.
We can just go ahead and specify it is a type of document snapshot and now we can call this.
You can basically call this user doc or user data or whatever you want to call it.
And now we can see how it's delivering that.
That's the use the weight we need to have the async over here.
I think and we need this.
We can get rid of this weight and this.
It's going to be what's.
Firebase.
I think your record is higher.
Store does collection and users rights and.
And.
Darts, Doc.
Okay.
This is going to be hard.
But controller.
I'd control our thoughts, words, thoughts, user thoughts.
This is going to be what you did in order to get the comment logged in user oh just how to say is that
get okay over here we have to have a not check and this.
Okay great.
Now this we've currently gets got in the current logged in user is currently making that comment and
now all we can then do it as well.
We can get the length of the comments, that is how many comments we have.
So currently we have not uploaded any comment, but we can just go ahead and get that.
Okay.
Now to do this, all we just have to say is we're going to need to create an order we can just create
on that variable.
We can call this or docs.
It's going to be or docs.
That is all our ideas are and we need to say Firebase so faster.
Passed or Dot's collection.
Then the videos.
Right now, what we want is inside this video's collection.
We want to have the comments inside.
Now, this is going to get very confusing to you now on.
So you're going to see this structure in the database.
So what we're basically saying now is within the videos, videos, collection, we want to have another
collection which is going to be the collect collection.
Okay.
They need to link this video's collection to that comments collection.
We need to link it with something.
And that's what I did.
So now we need to say dot doc and the idea is going to be this post ID we have later.
Okay.
And now we can.
Then see Dot's collection.
And once I have a collection inside this video collection.
Card comments.
Okay.
And now we can then say gifts.
Okay, great.
And now what we can do is we can specify as Libyan leaders, because we basically have a number and
we can say is experts you.
This Orthodox rabbi we have.
While ducks and.
Dots, dots plus each.
Documents.
And thoughts.
Not Lent.
Okay, I think.
We are unable to.
Okay.
Dart guards, all ducks.
This equates to.
We cannot wait.
This.
Okay.
And there's going to be.
But we have.
The arts.
Docs to assess each document we have in the comments, and now we can see that lens.
Okay, great.
Now about yeah, we got the current logged in user.
Right.
And over here we are set to get to the comments.
That is how many comment we have and avira simply gets an access to the comment in the way as if something
gets in our many comments.
These are uploaded so far.
Okay, great.
Now all we need to do now is to.
Create a rainbow now card comment.
I think you've seen others before and we can specify it is a type of the comment model.
Okay.
And over here you can see is it quotes, you comments.
I'm just gonna wait for it to.
Okay.
Yeah.
For the user name is going to be this we should send before we need to wrap this and we can say user.
User, Doc.
Right.
Dot data.
And now we need to see us die.
Now, Mick, like you've said this before, it's a key dynamic and for the comment is going to be the
comment tests.
Okay.
Great.
For the dead published is going to be we're just going to get the current dates that's post that comment
is being posted so we can see a date.
Date.
Time starts now.
Okay.
And for the likes.
Sorry.
I think we need to chill.
Come over here and for the likes.
We can give name to these for now.
Okay.
And so I think over year.
We need to core.
So over here we need to coordinate.
Right.
Okay.
So what we can do is we can copy this.
Copy this.
And so because we had a no check of a year.
Okay.
And now we can basically copy this.
Controversy and.
For the profile photo.
Look, I'm just going to go to that and 25 for two.
We need two PCs over year and change this to what?
Profi.
So if five foot two.
Okay.
And now we can get rid of this.
Okay for the new ID.
What we have to say is we can basically just copy and paste that over here, but we can't as well just
see what's controller.
Hearts are.
Let's control agreeable dux user.
That's you, Heidi.
Right.
Okay.
And as well, we need this over here.
And for the I.D. is going to be how many comments we have.
Okay.
That's okay for the ID.
We can say comments.
Comments.
And this is going to be the water and the land whereby we have over.
Sorry.
Okay.
I just know about this.
So I think.
I'm just going to check on the fine name.
I think we do have.
Okay.
Recorded what?
Or does.
They then mistakenly deleted the art.
Okay, so what we can do is we can see, uh, it's.
Leonard.
I think I probably mistakenly deleted that.
And it's going to be all.
Docs.
Orthodox.
Dodds dogs to assess how many comments we have and what's next.
Okay.
Great.
I think we needed a semicolon.
Okay.
Great.
And over here, we need this.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Great.
Over here.
We created a rainbow.
Sorry.
Just gonna start this again.
First of all, we created.
Okay, so we need to change this.
We need to change this to underscore.
This core comment comments.
Okay.
And we are saying we don't have any comment over here.
And yeah, we created a rainbow, which is going to be the height of each comment.
Right.
And over a year, we created a tribe block in order to check if this comment is not empty.
That is, if the user actually have it test.
Then we want you.
First of all, get the comment, the user always making that comment and as well gets in the comments
and we are busily getting the comments and then also have access to how many comments we have and the
way we create any verbal code comments.
If Abebooks comment on this is the type of the comment, mother.